In this phase, you will finish collecting data, pre-process it, load it to python notebook, visualize it, and print statistics. You will submit a python notebook for your final result. If your dataset is smaller than 10MB, you'll submit your data as well. Otherwise, you'll provide a link for us to download the cleaned and pre-processed version.

Here are more details for what the Python 3 notebook should contain:

Project title, (Using Heading)
Provide your name and members of the group, if you have a group (using Markdown)
Project description (Using Markdown)
Load the data to Python matrices and arrays and perform all the processing that needs to be done
Print the data shape: i.e., the number of instances and number of features
Visualize the target variable:
If the target is categorical, provide a bar plot of the frequencies of each class.If the target is numerical, do the following
Provide a histogram
Print the following statistics: mean, variance
Provide a box plot
Visualize the features:
For categorical variables, provide bar plots, for numerical features, provide histograms and statistics
If there are too many features, visualize and provide statistics for only 10 of them that you choose, and provide only statistics for the rest (up to 90 of them)
All visualizations should be done inline, and using matplotlib.

If your data is

Text
Process it using one of the vectorizers
Visualize the target variable as mentioned above
For visualization of the features part of the project: visualizing and printing statistics for tens of thousands of features is impractical. Instead, print the top 100 words and their frequencies
Images and speech
Visualize the target variable as mentioned above
For the features part, provide a detailed discussion of either
How you are going to vectorize the data, if you are doing to use a vector based representation, or
What kind of neural network structure (input layer, number of hidden layers and units, and the output layer) you will use
Submission instructions:

Each group has to make only one submission. Choose a group member who should submit it and others do not need to submit
Here is a folder structure
Create a folder named first_last where first is your first name and last is your last name.
Create a folder named data under the top folder and put all the data in there (if the data is less than 10MB). Otherwise, put just a note file that has link to where we can download the python-ready version of it
Your python notebook should be named first_last.ipynb wherefirst is your first name and last is your last name and it should be under the top folder.
Zip your top folder and submit a zip file. Use zip; do not use other compression formats.
To give you an example, for me, it would be as follows: I would submit a zipped folder named mustafa_bilgic.zip, which would contain a folder called mustafa_bilgic. Under that folder, there will be a python notebook called mustafa_bilgic.ipynb and a folder named data, which contains either the python-read version of the data or a note that explains where we can download the python-ready version of the data.

The deadline is 11:59pm, Monday, October 31st, 2016. Late submissions will be penalized 1 point per minute.
